---
layout: post
title: features
cover: beforeleaving.jpg
date:   2013-12-09 12:00:00
categories: posts
---

We need more directors like Xu Lei who can write a beautiful hometown story in such a natural way. What impresses me most is not the humor part, but the ordinary people. In his film, those people are shining. They have a deep love for their family, their friends, animals, and the land raising them up. Also, people guise and cheat. Every single person is well established. I think the real-life actors contribute a lot. They are so real because they are the real ones. While I was mixing for the FIFF I was totally immersed in the north China field view along with the rustic poem by the director.

Participating in this masterpiece is my honor. I have no need to introduce the director since his name has already been a complex story in China film history. At the time, I was too young and ignorant to well learn from such a legendary person as it was my very first film project after I graduated from university. In my eyes, Lou Ye was a super low-key person. He always wears a dark shirt and tactical pants in a similar color that causes you can hardly find him in a group of people. He showed respect to everyone in the studio, with a smile, a nod, or a greeting. From then, I had truly understood that film must be free.

After I read the original story by Zijin Chen. I think the director made a good restoration in this stream drama. Since the story came across three different timelines, we put a lot of effort into the sound design to shape every single scene. Additionally, I recorded the timebox for my work. I spent 80 hours on Dialogue Editing, 60 hours on Ambience Design, and 30 hours on SFX Design. All things considered, I spent almost 200 hours on this project. This is just a part of the teamwork. The re-recording mixer spent a mass of days working with the director. Another challenge is that we had to deal with a lot of ADR to pass the censor which is definitely damaging to this drama.  

It was the first feature-length film that Gang Yang (Production Mixer)and I (Re-recording Mixer) worked together to finish the sound production from start to end. Gang Yang traveled along with the crew across cities in China and Japan and captured plenty of sounds for post-production. I started my work by fixing the mono recording until we have a full Dolby Atmos mixing. That was the time I truly learned how detailed and hard that craft can be. We don’t want the audience to hear any “unclean” sound. We can’t stand any uncomfortable mixing until we fix it. We have to make sure the delivery is technically correct every single time. What’s more? We will make it because we can make it.