---
layout: post
title: shorts
cover: littlerose.png
date:   2013-12-09 12:00:00
categories: posts
---
<br>
At the summer end of 2021, I met director YaYa in Beijing. Afterward, we both moved to Shanghai. We started the sound production about a half year later when the Omicron crushed the most decent city in China. Fortunately, we met again before the city locked down. She showed me her previous films and shared the funny stories that happened during the shooting. I was amazed by the richness of the work she filmed. Each one is so unique but you still clearly tell that they are all by the same hand. Little Rose was a mystery journey for me to feel the little girl’s growing mind. And it became a mellow recovery while I was suffering from the city lockdown. 

This piece is a special one. During the whole production period, I didn’t meet the director Yan Kun’ao in real life as he was in New York, not to say shaking hands or having a meal. But the fact is we built a strong trust via a video call. I found that he is such a focusing and pure filmmaker. He has a unique emotion in his own film, and so do I. When I watch the demo, I felt so close and I can almost touch the summer aroma from north China. It brings me back to the sleepy afternoon when my grandma used to accompany me during every summer vacation. I give my best wish to the big boy who treasures the memory of his hometown. 

I was lucky enough to be part of the great team witnessing this little girl’s story become worldwide known. Working with Geroge is not an easy thing to do but actually pretty simple. We made a great effort to try again and again to build a realistic quality of sound. Finally, we found that the sound working best for the story gives us the best realistic feeling. It is an unforgettable journey working with such a passionate director. In the meantime, I would say thanks to Wang Luka and Wang Weihang, as producers who performed super professionally and trust me a lot.
*I want this piece to dedicate to Rosy who supported me devotedly and made the story beautiful even more.

When I first time watch this film by Wang Ziyi. I felt like “That is way too real!”. The story is very possible to happen to primary school students in Beijing. Ziyi reached out to Haidian Experimental Primary School and they allow us to enter the building to record sound. On that day, I woke up super early like a pupil, getting my rig running to school to capture the morning greetings and readings. We ended up with a very precious sound library and use a lot in the mix. Since then, the policy for a crew entering a school became even more strict. Worth mentioning that it was the first film I finished with a 5.1 surround mix. Ziyi was so patient at the mixing stage. I felt much pleasure working with him. 